She looked at the masterpiece hanging in the museum but all she could think is that her five-year-old could do better.
The door slammed on the watermelon.
He was disappointed when he found the beach to be so sandy and the sun so sunny.
Three generations with six decades of life experience.
The toy brought back fond memories of being lost in the rain forest.
Karen realized the only way she was getting into heaven was to cheat.
The father died during childbirth.
25 years later, she still regretted that specific moment.
The fact that there's a stairway to heaven and a highway to hell explains life well.
I’m a living furnace.
He had a wall full of masks so she could wear a different face every day.
I like to leave work after my eight-hour tea-break.
She wrote him a long letter, but he didn't read it.
A glittering gem is not enough.
The beach was crowded with snow leopards.
Jeanne wished she has chosen the red button.
Hit me with your pet shark!
It caught him off guard that space smelled of seared steak.
Flesh-colored yoga pants were far worse than even he feared.
Tuesdays are free if you bring a gnome costume.
It was the best sandcastle he had ever seen.
Writing a list of random sentences is harder than I initially thought it would be.
Be careful with that butter knife.
Gary didn't understand why Doug went upstairs to get one dollar bills when he invited him to go cow tipping.
The tree fell unexpectedly short.
Watching the geriatric men’s softball team brought back memories of 3 yr olds playing t-ball.
I met an interesting turtle while the song on the radio blasted away.
Happiness can be found in the depths of chocolate pudding.
It's difficult to understand the lengths he'd go to remain short.
He looked behind the door and didn't like what he saw.
Of course, she loves her pink bunny slippers.
There aren't enough towels in the world to stop the sewage flowing from his mouth.
She thought there'd be sufficient time if she hid her watch.
He decided to fake his disappearance to avoid jail.
She was sad to hear that fireflies are facing extinction due to artificial light, habitat loss, and pesticides.
It's a skateboarding penguin with a sunhat!
He enjoys practicing his ballet in the bathroom.
The complicated school homework left the parents trying to help their kids quite confused.
She was disgusted he couldn’t tell the difference between lemonade and limeade.
Separation anxiety is what happens when you can't find your phone.
He kept telling himself that one day it would all somehow make sense.
I love eating toasted cheese and tuna sandwiches.
The fog was so dense even a laser decided it wasn't worth the effort.
He realized there had been several deaths on this road, but his concern rose when he saw the exact number.
With a single flip of the coin, his life changed forever.
Weather is not trivial - it's especially important when you're standing in it.
To the surprise of everyone, the Rapture happened yesterday but it didn't quite go as expected.
There are few things better in life than a slice of pie.
I liked their first two albums but changed my mind after that charity gig.
He waited for the stop sign to turn to a go sign.